---
date: 2024-01-05 23:16
description: Recap of 2023, and my goals for 2024
tags: General, Ramblings
draft: false
---

# Hello 2024

`2024 % 4 == 0`

## 2023

Another revolution around the sun! This was a pretty fun and interesting year. I got to work on some interesting projects, and learned a lot.

I am going to try and use my GitHub activity to recap.

### Spring

* I helped a friend modernize their Larvael codebase. Dockerized it for easier development, and added a CD pipeline. (Probably going to be released by end of this year)
* I joined [Hindsight Journal](http://hindsightjournal.org), a creative non-fiction club at CU as their "webmaster", and we moved away from Squarespace to our own custom static site generator.
* I did some YunoHost stuff with listmonk, and audiobookshelf
* I found out that the instructor for my astrophysics class was behind [@ThreeBodyBot](https://twitter.com/threebodybot). For my final project, I ported the codebase to run in the browser itself. Ended up getting an A 😎
* Won HackCU, my first hackathon in a few years. We built a timeboxing app similar to [Motion](http://usemotion.com) /  [Reclaim.AI](https://reclaim.ai). Cleaned up the codebase and published it to the App Store as [TimeSlicerX](https://timeslicerx.prudent.studio), making it my first published app.
* Got into Mountain Biking!

### Summer

Summer was more relaxing. I mainly worked on some maintenance patches for my projects, and did some more freelancing stuff.

* Learned Tkinter for a client's project. Working with PyInstaller to create signed executables for both macOS and Windows was not fun. Also, the stock Tk look on Windows is terrible.
* Continued working on a research project using Computer Vision in analysing a lateral flow assay. Tried porting it to use OpenCV.js, but it wasn't reliable enough. I might look into directly working with OpenCV/Vision Framework for an iOS app.

### Fall

* Won a couple more hackathons. I might summarize my hackathon experience in a different blog post.
* I gave up being the "webmaster" for Hindsight, and decided to become the club's business manager. We moved to Wix.
* Had fun re-learning all the reverse engineering stuff for my Systems class.
* Tried Advent of Code. Will be back :~)
* Created an alternative to Simplify.Jobs and worked on autofilling resumes without needing a browser extension (Current solution does require that you disable a few security flags for this to work). One solution might be to wrap our website as an Electron application.
* Started working on [swift-gopher](https://github.com/navanchauhan/swift-gopher) - a swift library for both client/server implementations for the Gopher protocol.
* Ended up using swift-gopher to build [iGopherBrowser](https://web.navan.dev/iGopherBrowser) - a modern gopher client for iOS / macOS. This is my first publically availablle macOS app.

After the end of the fall semester I ended up getting my wisdom tooth removed. Took me out for 10 days.

I also did a ton of other stuff, but I am not sure how much I want to be sharing on my blog here. Maybe as I write more I will get more comfortable with sharing more information.

## 2024

So, what are my plans for 2024? **Learn. Build. Ship.**

Other goals:

* Continue homebrewing
* Learn assembly
* Get better at designing stuff
* Improve my handwriting
* Do a deeper dive into the math of Machine/Deep Learning, before I get back into it
